# Module5_ReviewQuestions.md

1. Discuss on what is REST
  > REST is a style or guide for APIs to follow. Wherein an API should have a clear separation between Client and Server while being stateless. It stands for **Representational State Transfer**, the method should **represent** what **transfers** need to happen. For example when using the **GET** request it should be **getting** the data rather than creating or **posting** it like with how **POST** method works.

2. Explain on what is stateless (cite a scenario)
    > Stateless in RESTful APIs means that the server shouldn't keep state on what has been requested or what client has requested what. Let's say that a browser (client) is requesting data from a server, then another browser is requesting that same data again the data shouldn't change based on what the first client has requested but it should be the same, if there has been no changes. 

3. Enumerate the 3 forms of authentication that can be used in an app and be able to differentiate them with one another.
  > I have read the book given in the module, but I'm currently not sure if there are only 3 forms of authentication or if some fall on the same category. I have implemented these ones that I know though. The **Basic Auth** which uses a username along with a password in the Authorization header when a client sends a request, this is also discussed in the reference material given very unsecure especially if the developer doesn't know how to encrypt the data that's being sent in the header. The second one I have used is **JWT** which stands for **JSON Web Tokens** and they basically have information about the user which are username and password along with some other data like role etc., they are encoded in base64 algorithm which is not really that secure as there are a lot of tools out there that can be used in order to decode them they also use the **Authorization** header , I'm guessing that this falls under API token category in the book. Last one that I have implemented is **OAuth 1**, this is in oauthplayground with google cloud. I basically set up a project that used google drive API and with oauthplayground you are given a request token that can be exchanged for an access token and even a refresh token. There are also ones that I hear about which are One Time Passcodes (OTPs), Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA), Biometric Authentication, Session-Based Authentication, and Hardware tokens like Yubikey (I always hear about from cybersecurity people online). But basically the ones stated in the book are the ones that I have implemented, and they basically rank from most unsecure to most secure with JWT being in the middle.
